Q1.What are the various element of the excel interface?Decribe how they're used.
ANS:Ribbon: A row of tabs and icons at the top of the window that allows users to quickly find commands for completing tasks
Quick access toolbar: Provides one-click access to frequently used commands
Name box: Located to the left of the formula bar, this box displays the cell reference or name of the active cell
Formula bar: Allows users to view, enter, or edit cell contents
Status bar: Displays information about the workbook, such as running calculations, and also includes some zoom and view commands
Data tab: Allows users to perform operations on large sets of data, such as analysis, removing duplicate data, and transposing rows and columns
Page layout tab: Allows users to prepare their worksheet for printing by adjusting margins, paper orientation, and other page settings
Title bar: Located near the quick access bar or at the top of the window, this bar displays the name of the program and the open spreadsheet

Q2.Write down the various application of excel in the industry.
ANS:collection and verification of business data;
business analysis;
data entry and storage;
data analysis;
performance reporting;
strategic analysis;
accounting and budgeting;
administrative and managerial management;

Q3.On the ribbon, make a new tab. Add some different groups, insertcommands in the groups and name them according to their commands
added. Copy and paste the screenshot of the steps you followed.
ANS:In the Customize the Ribbon window, under the Customize the Ribbon list, click the tab that you want to add a group to. 
Click New Group. To rename the New Group (Custom) group, right-click the group, click Rename, and then type a new name.

Q4.Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to  formatting with their functions.
ANS:Ctrl+E: Centers a paragraph
Ctrl+D or Ctrl+Shift+F: Opens the Font dialog box
Ctrl+Shift+8: Shows all nonprinting characters
Shift+Enter: Inserts a line break
Ctrl+Tab: Inserts a tab character in a cell

Q5.What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?
ANS:Excel's main advantages include its wide accessibility, familiarity among users, and versatility in performing
a range of functions from data entry and budgeting to complex mathematical calculations. 
Excel is also more cost-effective for users who need a tool for basic data manipulation and visualization.


Q6.Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.
ANS:Select the chart sheet or chart where you want to add or change a header or footer element. 
Go to Insert > Header & Footer. Excel displays the Page Setup dialog box. Select Custom Header or Custom Footer.
