Q1.what is the process for loading a dataset from an external source?
Ans: You can load data using the IMPORT and EXPORT statements and combine that with furtherpost-processing through subselects.
You can even specify a statement instead of a table name for the external data source which is executed on that system. for example,
to load a certain part of a table into Exasol.


Q2.How can we use pandas to read JSON files?
Ans:The read_jaon()is a function in the pandas library that helps us read JSON data or JSON data files. We can pass the path of the 
JSON file or we can pass a python dictionary (as it is similar to JSON) to read it.The read-json()function takes a json files and return 
a DataFrame that we can print further.


Q3. Describe the signification of DASK.
Ans:Dask is flexible library for parallel computing in python.Dask is composed of two parts.Dynamic task scheduling optimized for 
computation.This is similar to Airflow. Luigi,Celery,or Make, but optimized for interactive computational workloads.many software 
project integrate with Dask or use Dask to power components of their infrastructure. 



Q4.Describe the functions of DASK.
Ans:The Dask delayed function decorates your functions so that they operate lazily.Rather than executing your 
function immediately. it will defer execution, placing the function and its arguments into a task graph, wraps
a function or object to produce a Delayed. We used the dask.


Q5.Describe Cassandra's features.
ANS:There are a lot of out standing technical features which makes Cassandra very popular. Following is a list of some popular features 
of Cassandra.
1.High Scalability
Cassandra is highly scalable which facilitates you to add more hardware to attach more customers and  more data as per requirement.
2.Rigid Architecture
Cassandra has not a single point of failure and it is continuously available for business critical applications that cannot afford a failure
3.Fast Linear-scale Performsnce
Cassandra is linearly scalable it increases your throughtput because it facilitates you to increase the number of nodes in th ecluster.
Therefore it maintains a quick response time.
4.Fault tolerant
Cassandra is fault tolerant Suppose, there are 4 nodes in a cluster,here each node has a copy of same data.If one node is no longer serving then 
other three nodes can served as per request.
5.Flexible Data Storage
Cassandra supports all possible data formats like structured, semi-stuctured,and unstructured.it facilitates you to make
changes to your data structures according to your need.
6.Easy Data Distribution
Data distibution in cassandra is very easy because it provides the flexibility to distribute data where you need by replicating dataacross multiple
data centers.
