Q1.Explain the difference between cassandra and typical databases.
Ans:# Cassandra
1.cassandra is used to deal with unstructure data.
2.canssandra has flexible schema.
3. In cassandra, a table is a list of "nested kay-value pairs".
(Row x column key X cloumn value)
4.In cassandra keyspace is the outermost containerwhich contain data
corresponding to an application.
5. In cassandra, tables or column families are the entity of a key space.
6. In cassandra row is a unit of replication.
7.In cassandra, column is a unit of stroage.
# Typical Databases
1. Databases are an essential part of modern life.
without them, most computer functions would cease to exist.
2. If you're someone that relies on storing information within a computer, 
whether as an individual or for your job, then it's important to understand 
the different types of databases that exist and how you should use them.
3. In this guide, we discuss what databases are, including the most common types of databases that you 
are likely to come across.
4.A database is a collection of information stored within a computer.Databases are used for everything from stroing
pictures on your computers to store essential information in an organized and easily searchable way.
5. As database technology has improved over the years,so too have the different types of databases.There are now many different types of adatabases
each with its strenghts and weaknesses based on how they designed.
6.It's especially important for businesses to understand the different types of databases,to ensure they have the mosst efficient setup
however,some individuals may need to learn this as well.


Q2.what exactly is CQLSH?
 Ans: CQLSH is a command line interface for interacting with cassandra using CQL (the Cassandra Query Language).
It is shipped with every cassandra package and can be found in thebin/directory alongside the cassandra 
executable.


Q3.Explain the cassandra cluster idea.
ANS:In this cassandra tutorial we will go through one of the main parts of the cassandra database i.e Cassandra Cluster 
moreover we will see the meaning of cluster and different layers in cluter.This artical will guide throughthe part of 
the cluter and the builders associated with it.The cluter is a collection of nodes that represents a single system.A cluter in 
cassandra is one of the shells inthe whole cassandra database.Many cassandra cluters combines together to from the database in cassandra.


Q4.Give an example to demonstrate the class notion.
Ans:


Q5.Use an example to explain the object.
Ans: In object oriented programming (OOP),object are the things you think about first in designing a proram and they areaaslo the 
units of code that area eventually derived from the process.In between, each object is made into a generic classof object, and 
even more generic classses are defined so that objects can share models and reuse the class definitions in their code.Each object
is an instance of a particular calss or subsclass with the class's own methods or procedures and data variables. An object is what 
actually runs in the computer.
