Q1.Explain why selenium is important in web Scraping.
Ans:Selenium is needed in order to carry out web scraping and automate the chrome browser we'll be using .
Selenium uses the webdrive protocol, therefore th ewebdriver manager is imported to obtain the Chrome Driver compatible with the version 
of the browser being used.

Q2. What's the difference between scraping images and scraping websites?
Use an example to demonstrate your point.
Ans:A) Images Scraping:
Image scraping is a subset of the web scraping technology.
While web scraping deals with all forms of web data extraction, 
image scraping only focuses on the media side – images, videos, audio, and so on.

B): Websites Scraping:
Web scraping refers to the extraction of data from a website.
This information is collected and then exported into a format that is more useful for the user. 
Be it a spreadsheet or an API.
Example:Dynamically Typed
In Python, we don't need to define data types for variables;
we can directly use the variable wherever it requires. 
It saves time and makes a task faster. Python defines its classes to identify the data type of variable.

Vast collection of libraries
Python comes with an extensive range of libraries such as NumPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, Scipy, etc.,
that provide flexibility to work with various purposes. It is suited for almost every emerging field 
and also for web scrapping for extracting data and do manipulation.

Q3.Explain how MongoDB indexes data.
Ans:MongoDB uses multikey indexes to index the content stored in arrays.
If you index a field that holds an array value, MongoDB creates separate index entries for every element of the array. 
These multikey indexes allow queries to select documents that contain arrays by matching on element or elements of the arrays.

Q4.What is the significance of the SET modifier?
Ans:Set expressions are used to define the scope of a calculation. 
The central part of the set expression is the set modifier that specifies a selection. 
This is used to modify the user selection, or the selection in the set identifier, and the result defines a new scope for the calculation.

Q5. Explain the MongoDB aggregation framework.
Ans:Aggregation in MongoDB allows for the transforming of data and results in a more powerful fashion than from using the find() command.
Through the use of multiple stages and expressions, you are able to build a "pipeline" of operations on your data to perform analytic operations.
