Q1. Explain super() in the context of inheritance.
Ans:The super() function in python makes class inheritance more manageable and extensible.The function returns a temporary object that
allows reference to a parent class by the keyword super.The super() function has two major use cases:
1.To avoid the usage of the super(parent)class explicitly.
2.To enable multiple inheritances.

Q2. Describe the file-handling system.
Ans:The key function for working with files in python is the open()function.The open()function takes two parameters;filename,and 
mode.There are four different methods (modes) for opening a file:
1."r"-Read-Default value.Opens a file for reading, error if the file does not exist.
2."a"-Append-Opens a file for appending,creates the file if it does not exist.
3."w"-Write-Opens a file for writing,creates the file if it does not exist.
4."x"-create-Creates the specified file,returns an error if the file exists


Q3.In python, explain multiple inheritance.
Ans:Multiple Inheritance in python is a well-known fearture that is suppoerted by all the major object-oriented programming languages.
It can be described as a process where the child class or object inherits th emethods and attributes from one or more parent classes.


Q4.write the MYSQL query syntax for INSERT,UPDATE,and DROP.
Ans:1.INSERT Syntax: MySQL INSERT statement is used to store or add data in MySQL table within the database.We can perform insertion of 
records in two ways using a single query in MySQL.
# Insert record in a single row
#Insert record in multiple rows
2.UPDATE Syntax:MySQL UPDATE query is a DML statement used to modify the data of the MySQL table within the database ina real life
scenario, ecord are changed over a period of time. So we need to make chaneds in the values of the tables also.To do so,it is required
to use the UPDATE query. 
3. DROP Syntax: The MySQL Drop user statement allows us to remove one more usessr accounts and their privilges from the database server.
If the account does not exits in the database server, it gives an error.
If you wan tto use the drop user statement,it is required to have a global privilege of create user statement or the DELETE privilege for the MySQL 
system schema.


Q5,Describe MongoDB's features.
Ans:MongoDB supports feild quieries, range queries, and regular expression searches.Queries can return specific feilds and also account for user-defined
functions.This is made possible because MongoDB indexes BSON documents and uses MongoDB Query Language(MQL)
These area somme important features of MongoDB
1. Support ad hoc queries
In MongoDB you can search by feild range query and it also supports regularexpression searches.
2.Indexing
You can index any feild in a document
3.Replication
MongoDB supports Master Slave replication
A master can perform Read and writes and Slave copies data from the master and can only be used for reads or back up (not writes)
4.Duplication of data
MongoDB can run over multiple servers.The data is duplicated to keep the system up and also keep its running condition in case of hardware failure.
5.Load Balancing
It has an automatic load balancing configuration because of data placed in shards.
