Q1. Why are function advantageous to have in your programs?
Advantages:
1.Increase modularity
2.Increase code reusibility
3.Reduce amount of code

Ans:Reduce amount of code

Q2.When does the code in a function run:when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans:The function run (execute)when it is called. when function is called the control flow which go to first line of code present inside the funtion.

Q3. What statement creates a function?
def(keyword)followed by function_name then parentheses.
def function_name():

def function3():
   pass
   ANS:varsayHello = function(){};
   
   
   Q4.What is the difference between a function and a function call?
   Ans:
   . Function:Function is set of codes which produce some result.Function is useless unless it is invoked or called.
   .Function Call:Function call is used to invoke or execute set of codes present inside the function.
   
   def function():                 #Function
   return "Inside the function 4"
   
   function4()                      # Function call
   'Inside the function 4'
   
   
   Q5.How many global scope are there in a Python program ? How many local scopes?
   Ans:
   There are 1 global scopes and 1 local scope in the python program
   
   Q6. what happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
   Ans:
   The local variables are destroyed when function call returns.
   
   
   Q7. what is the concepts of a return value?Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
   
   Ans:
   Return value is value varible or expression which a function can return.
   Yes function return value can be an expression
   
   def function7(a,b):
       return a+b+10           ## Returning the expression
       
       
    Q8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is return value of a call to that function?
    Ans:
    If a function does not have a return statement that means the function is not returning any values.
    In this case after function is executed completly it will return a NoneType.
    
    def function8():
       a = 10
       b = 80
       type(function8())
       
       NoneType
       
       
 Q9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable ?
 Ans:
 This can be achived by using global keyword to redefine th evariable and make the change of variable as global change.
 
 
 Q10. What is the data type of None?
 Ans:
 None data type is a null object. The null object is a data type of class NoneType.
 
 Q11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
 Ans:
 The statement "import areallyourpetsnamederic"will import the module or package areallyourpetsnamederic.
 
 
 Q12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
 Ans:
 After import the spam.
 spam.bacon()
 
 # import spam
 #spam.bacon()
 
 
 Q13.What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
 Ans:
 To save the program from crashing over a runtime error we can use the try and except statement.
 It will save from only the runtime error not the compile time erroe.
