Q1.Explane three-dimensional data indexing.










Q2. What's the difference between a series and a dataframe?
Ans:Series 
1.A series is a one-diamensional array-like object that can hold any data typw such as integers, 
float, strings, or python object.
2. It is the basic building block of the pandas library, which is used for data analysis and manipulation.
The series has two main components an index and a set of values. 
3. The index provides a label for each element in the series, while the values are the dataitself.
the index can be either automatically generated or specified by the user.series are commonly used to represent a 
single cloumn of data, such as time series or a colume of values from a database table

DataFrame:
1.DataFrame, on the other hand, are two-dimensional tabular data structures consisting of rows and columes.
they can be thought of as a collection of series object that share the same index.
2. Like series,DataFrames can hold any data type and have an index, but they also have column names
DataFrames are commonly used.
3.The store and manipulate data in a strucutred way, such as in a spreadsheet or database tabale.
They allow for easy manipulation and analysis of data,such as filtering,grouping and merging.

  Q3.What role does pandas play in data cleaning?
  Ans:Data scientists spend a huge amount of time cleaning datasets and getting them in the form in which theycan work.
  It is an essential skill of data scientists to be able to work with messy data,missing values,and.inconsistant,noisy,or nonsensical
  data.To work smoothly, python provides a built-in module,pandas.Pandas is the popular python library that is mainly used for data processing purpose 
  like cleaning,manipulation,and analysis.Pandas stand for "Python Data Analysis Library".It consists of classes to read,process, and write csv files.
  There are numerous Data cleaning tools present,but the pandas library provides a really fast and efficient way to manage and explore data.It does that by providing 
  us with series and DataFrames, which help us represent data efficintly and manipulate it in various ways.
  
  
  Q4.How do you use pandas to make a data frame out of n-dimensional arrays?
  To convert an array to a dataframe with python you needto 1)have your Numpy arrray(e.g.np_array),and2)usethe pd.DataFrame()constructor
  like this:df=pd.DataFrame(np_array,columns=['column1','column2']).Remember,that each column in your Numpy arrayneeds to be named with columns.
  
  
  Q5.Explain the notion of pandas plotting.
  Ans:
